hello friends now we are with you
make the backlight for the blue keyboard
colors for this you need a led
3 mm 19 pieces I need
a resistor and a minimum power of 1 watt with
3 side resistance and also need
switch to begin with, let's take our
my keyboard is holding the keyboard
on 16 screws now with a screwdriver
analyze
look carefully here friends here
me keyboard genius
and I will use the final product
since it is plus 5 volts and gray
since it is land on each
keyboard different manufacturers make
different markings by color like these
grooves you need to turn on this
Internet attention is detailed
description for different companies and now
let's sort our culture to the end
and now we make a hole
places for light bulbs and for button
I will be right here
like a hole under the LEDs here
make the top of the summer and now
Insert the LEDs and the button into the hole
which we did and now we solder everything
together for each resistor let's start
I will sit down will 5 LEDs
on the radio
the resistors are soldered to the switch so
that's what I did
resistor q3 switch when extremely
parallel to each resistor go off
approach to wiring
which is attached to 5
LEDs on taxiing
same and
it now remains to put everything together
steep
so friends are what I did
still working under the buttons
there is also a bottom illumination thank you all
for attention if you liked the video
like to subscribe to the channel
there will be many more interesting videos